Add brand, colour and fonts for Learning English (#3020)
BBC-archive/psammead: packages/utilities/psammead-styles/CHANGELOG.md

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
| Version | Description |
|---------|-------------|

> | 4.2.1 | [PR#3020](https://github.com/bbc/psammead/pull/3020) Add colour C_LEARNINGENGLISH and set font families to Latin Reith for Learning English |

Reviewer: This should be a minor version update since we're adding new exports. 
```suggestion
| 4.3.0 | [PR#3020](https://github.com/bbc/psammead/pull/3020) Add colour C_LEARNINGENGLISH and set font families to Latin Reith for Learning English |
```

> | 4.3.0 | [PR#3020](https://github.com/bbc/psammead/pull/3020) Add colour C_LEARNINGENGLISH and set font families to Latin Reith for Learning English |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 4.3.0 | [PR#3020](https://github.com/bbc/psammead/pull/3020) Add colour C_LE_TEAL and set font families to Latin Reith for Learning English |
```
